# [Sum of Different Primes](http://poj.org/problem?id=3132)

**Time Limit:** 5000MS  
**Memory Limit:** 65536K

## Description

A positive integer may be expressed as a sum of different prime numbers (primes), in one way or another. Given two positive integers n and k, you should count the number of ways to express n as a sum of k different primes. Here, two ways are considered to be the same if they sum up the same set of the primes. For example, 8 can be expressed as 3 + 5 and 5 + 3 but the are not distinguished.

When n and k are 24 and 3 respectively, the answer is two because there are two sets {2, 3, 19} and {2, 5, 17} whose sums are equal to 24. There are not other sets of three primes that sum up to 24. For n = 24 and k = 2, the answer is three, because there are three sets {5, 19}, {7, 17} and {11, 13}. For n = 2 and k = 1, the answer is one, because there is only one set {2} whose sum is 2. For n = 1 and k = 1, the answer is zero. As 1 is not a prime, you shouldn’t count {1}. For n = 4 and k = 2, the answer is zero, because there are no sets of two different primes whose sums are 4.

Your job is to write a program that reports the number of such ways for the given n and k.

## Input

The input is a sequence of datasets followed by a line containing two zeros separated by a space. A dataset is a line containing two positive integers n and k separated by a space. You may assume that n ≤ 1120 and k ≤ 14.

## Output

The output should be composed of lines, each corresponding to an input dataset. An output line should contain one non-negative integer indicating the number of the ways for n and k specified in the corresponding dataset. You may assume that it is less than 231.

## Sample Input

24 3  
24 2  
2 1  
1 1  
4 2  
18 3  
17 1  
17 3  
17 4  
100 5  
1000 10  
1120 14  
0 0

## Sample Output

2  
3  
1  
0  
0  
2  
1  
0  
1  
55  
200102899  
2079324314  

## Source
