# [Cellular Automaton](http://poj.org/problem?id=3150)

**Time Limit:** 12000MS  
**Memory Limit:** 65536K

## Description

A *cellular automaton* is a collection of cells on a grid of specified shape that evolves through a number of discrete time steps according to a set of rules that describe the new state of a cell based on the states of neighboring cells. The *order of the cellular automaton* is the number of cells it contains. Cells of the automaton of order n are numbered from 1 to n.

The *order of the cell* is the number of different values it may contain. Usually, values of a cell of order m are considered to be integer numbers from 0 to m − 1.

One of the most fundamental properties of a cellular automaton is the type of grid on which it is computed. In this problem we examine the special kind of cellular automaton - circular cellular automaton of order n with cells of order m. We will denote such kind of cellular automaton as *n,m-automaton*.

A distance between cells i and j in n,m-automaton is defined as min(|i − j|, n − |i − j|). A *d-environment* of a cell is the set of cells at a distance not greater than d.

On each *d-step* values of all cells are simultaneously replaced by new values. The new value of cell i after d-step is computed as a sum of values of cells belonging to the d-enviroment of the cell i modulo m.

The following picture shows 1-step of the 5,3-automaton.

1 2 2 1 2 -> 2 2 2 2 1

The problem is to calculate the state of the n,m-automaton after k d-steps.

## Input

The first line of the input file contains four integer numbers n, m, d, and k (1 ≤ n ≤ 500, 1 ≤ m ≤ 1 000 000, 0 ≤ d < n / 2 , 1 ≤ k ≤ 10 000 000). The second line contains n integer numbers from 0 to m - 1 - initial values of the automaton’s cells.

## Output

Output the values of the n,m-automaton’s cells after k d-steps.

## Sample Input

sample input #1  
5 3 1 1  
1 2 2 1 2

sample input #2  
5 3 1 10  
1 2 2 1 2

## Sample Output

sample output #1  
2 2 2 2 1

sample output #2  
2 0 0 2 2

## Source

Northeastern Europe 2006
